Nov 2019 Cordova iOS 5.1.0 Release Blog Post (#1026)
apache/cordova-docs: www/_posts/2019-11-25-cordova-ios-release-5.1.0.md

---
layout: post
author:
    name: Bryan Ellis
title:  "Cordova iOS 5.1.0 Released!"
categories: announcements
tags: news releases
---

> We are happy to announce that we have just released `Cordova iOS 5.1.0`!  This is one of Cordova's supported platforms for building iOS mobile applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are happy to announce that we have just released `Cordova iOS 5.1.0`! This is Cordova's official platform for building iOS mobile applications.
```

* [cordova-ios@5.1.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cordova-ios)

## Release Highlights

**To upgrade:**

```bash
cordova platform remove ios
cordova platform add ios@5.1.0
```

> The most notable improvement in this minor release are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most notable improvements in this minor release are:
```
